hey guys help started a welcome back to
a brine defeat video in today's video
I'm really guys a brand new training tip
today's training tip it's gonna be a
gold in formatted I know finally doing
the golden for meth is finally going
away from silvers and bronzes for
today's video so there's two ways you
can go about using this method the first
way is investing so if you see a player
from the recent team of the week it's
going for about 10 k bit or 10 kilos
binary fries let's say you go pick them
up for that 10k bid or 10k lowest buy
now price his price will go up in the
upcoming weeks but that's the reason for
that is that he'll go out of packs
because of course they get replaced by
the new team the week the following week
and that means there's going to be less
on the market of that player so an
example of this if you go watch my video
from about three four five weeks ago
some leather I actually did a video
about me investing in informs like I'm
better than Gareth Barry escort karai
and also de Santos stuff like that and
ESCO goraya man should pick him up for
10k and I sold them online for about 14
K a week later that's because this price
rise rose because of course he came out
of packs let's go garage surprises
currently 20 to 25 k so if I did wait a
little bit longer this is the second
floor by the second and formed by the
way if I did way a little bit longer I
could have made a bit more profit but oh
well also the second way you can go
about this is if he's just see a player
who's going for like Lauren's cheapest
buy enough rice for example saw paranoia
let me show you guys a new life so early
it's not the best deal base decent life
example this pairing for 17 k and its
lowest buying high priced about 20k
that's a decent profit so let's go into
this for the qualities of gold minimum
price 95 95 hours of 5 inch of coins and
max price to about 10 k i'll show you
really want to do so search with that
and yeah let's go okay well please don't
mess up now all right let's go so you
look for players on a open bid for
example shava shava shava and he's
probably not good one to use want to use
one would say about 80 over 80 rated R
over my opinion alright guys welcome
back and I managed to find the players
names kiya aur kya he's got 68 pace 85
lending an AC
through heading and as lows by our
prices about 10k but this guy managed to
get him for 9.7 k so you can see
straight away from the stats you know
he's going for a real cheap price for
those stats that's super cheap phone in
form and I could tell you straight away
I just know that his price gonna rise up
and you up upcoming weeks just cuz of a
stats and also because he plays in the
Turkish league which only really only
has one team I believe yeah I think it
only has Galatasaray so he's gonna be in
a pretty big demand once it's out back
so that's a great player to go with kai
is a fantastic player to go with so you
know if you're going to invest and so on
best in kya there also are a few players
obviously but I think if you look at
this week's team in a week kya is the
best player and you can go pick up for
9.7 9.8 case that easy of course I'll
show you guys a deal from earlier which
shows you guys that you can actually
find deals like for example you know
just out just for players who are not
even in a team the week like for example
parents 17 k you can settle for 20k
which is an all right profits about if I
think about it like to k 2 co prophet
something like that so we start to
badness method and so it's a good method
to use a good low budget method low
budget in for method so hopefully you
guys did enjoy fit if you did remember
the drug like subscribe to ihop starting
to see you guys in the next video yep
cigar